docs: add link to pluralization docs (#8543)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/docusaurus-core.mdx

:::

:::info

> Your custom uses of `<Translate />` are also capable of handling [string pluralization](./i18n/i18n-tutorial.mdx#pluralization)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<Translate>` component supports [interpolation](#interpolate) and [pluralization](./i18n/i18n-tutorial.mdx#pluralization).
```

Reviewer: Hmmm, do we really support pluralization when using `<Translate>`? Afaik we don't.

Also we probably need to apply `selectMessage()` before translating the content 😅 otherwise we translate string parts that we don't even use.

Reviewer 2: Thank you

> Your custom uses of `<Translate />` are also capable of handling [string pluralization](./i18n/i18n-tutorial.mdx#pluralization)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <Translate> component supports interpolation. You can also implement [string pluralization](https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/pull/i18n/i18n-tutorial.mdx#pluralization) through some custom code and the [`translate` imperative API](#translate-imperative).
```

> The <Translate> component supports interpolation. You can also implement [string pluralization](https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/pull/i18n/i18n-tutorial.mdx#pluralization) through some custom code and the [`translate` imperative API](#translate-imperative).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<Translate>` component supports interpolation. You can also implement [string pluralization](https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/pull/i18n/i18n-tutorial.mdx#pluralization) through some custom code and the [`translate` imperative API](#translate-imperative).
```
